What is the main cause of HIV-1 infection in children?
What plays the crucial role in the mother to child transmission of HIV-1 and what increases the risk?
How many children were infected by HIV-1 in 2008-2009, worldwide?
What is the role of c-c motif chemokine ligand 3 like 1 (CCL3L1) in mother to child transmission of HIV-1?
What is DC-SIGNR and where is it expressed?
How does the presence of DC-SIGNR affect the MTCT of HIV-1?
Why do low levels of DC-SIGNR enhance mother to child transmission of HIV-1?
What is the percentage of mother to child transmission of HIV-1, when there is no intervention?
Does c-c chemokine receptor type 5 (CCR5) affect the transmission of HIV-1?
How does mannose-binding lectin (MBL) affect the elimination of HIV-1 pathogen?
How can CCR5's effect on HIV-1 transmission be reduced?
What is IFITM?
How many cysteine residues are contained in the first transmembrane domain of IFITM3?
What inhibits s-palmitoylation?
What interaction is inhibited by the presence of 2-bromopalmitic acid (2BP)?
What is a function associated with IFITM5?
What regulates the antiviral activity of IFITM3?
What is another name for IFITM5?
Why is the expression of IFITM5 not promoted by interferons?
What is the amino acid similarity between IFITM5 and the other IFITM proteins?
What is the amino acid similarity between IFITM1, IFITM2, and IFITM3?
What amino acid might be involved in calcium-binding in the c-terminal region of a protein?
What is the size of bovine coronavirus?
What is the molecular structure of bovine coronavirus?
How many nucleotides does bovine coronavirus contain?
What is the size of the orf1ab gene in bovine coronavirus?
Is the orf1ab gene at the 3' or 5' end of the bovine coronavirus genome?
What is a significant cause of influenza-like illness among healthy adolescents and adults presenting for medical evaluation?
What is the most common species of human coronavirus among adults?
Which human coronavirus showed species-specific clinical characteristics of its infection?
What causes the outbreak of SARS and MERS?
What is the case fatality rate of SARS and MERS?
What were the common HCoV strains in the 5-year USA study?
Which species are more prevalent but less severe?
What is required for a hepatitis B infection in cells?
What regulates the broad, but less specific, virus-cell interaction in a hepatitis B infection?
Which protein domain of the hepatitis B envelope is necessary for infection?
Where is NTCP located in the body?
What does the NTCP protein mediate?
Is NTCP sufficient to allow HBV infection?
Why is NTCP thought to not be sufficient for HBV infection?
What kinds of viruses are the Japanese encephalitis virus(JEV), tick-borne encephalitis virus (TBEV), eastern equine encephalitis virus (EEEV), sindbis virus (SV), and dengue virus (DV)?
What are the current clinically available methods to detect encephalitis viral antigens?
What methods exist for detecting multiple antigens simultaneously in a one-sample, laboratory test?
How many antigens could be detected by Liew's multiplex ELISA test?
What kind of antibodies were used in the ELISA-array assay?
How was the ELISA assay validated?
What capture antibodies were used in the study?
What was the spotting concentration range for the capture antibodies?
How was the proper spotting concentration determined?
How was cross-reaction detection determined?
How was the ELISA-array assay validated?
In 2010, how many cases of tuberculosis were estimated in China?
What is the population of Shandong province?
What was the purpose of this study?
What was the age range for the people surveyed?
How was the survey designed?
What was the sample size?
How were the clusters selected?
How many people were in a community cluster?
Who was excluded from the study?
When was the study conducted?
Who conducted the study?
What medium was used to collect the sputum samples?
What was the response rate for the study?
What was the average age of a study participant?
What was the prevalence rate in Shandong in 2010 for sputum positive cases of tuberculosis?
What was the most striking finding of the study regarding tuberculosis patients?
How many cases of sputum positive tuberculosis patients had no persistent cough?
How many tuberculosis patients in Shandong were over 65 years old?
What enzymes have been reported to be linked with the severity of the infection and various pathological conditions caused by microorganisms?
At what temperatures was the assay completed?
What criteria sets the guideline for drug-like properties?
What could be novel candidates as potent inhibitors of papain-like cysteine proteases in resistant microorganisms?
What method is useful in administering small molecules for systemic delivery to the body?
Why is the nasal mucosa useful in the delivery of small molecules into the body?
What are the most common methods of inhaled delivery of medications?
What medications have shown good promise to in vivo delivery via dry powder inhalers?
How are siRNAs typically delivered for systemic effect?
What structures form the human airway?
What size of the particle is most effective in the delivery to the lower airway?
What are the essential conditions in siRNA delivery to effectively produce gene silencing in the lungs?
How long is the SAIBK gene?
How many open reading frames are in the SAIBK gene?
What virus has the closest genetic identity with the SAIBK gene?
How many surgical masks or respirators have past studies projected will be required for a pandemic in the United States?
What is the acronym MERS-CoV?
What are the critical factors that determine the effect of an epidemic?
When did the World Health Organization (who) officially declare the 2019-nCoV epidemic as a public health emergency of international concern?
What influenza virus was identified in China in 2013?
What past research has been done on severe, single-wave pandemics?
What is a clinical attack rate?
What was the clinical attack rate in the 2009 H1N1 pandemic?
What is the estimated R0 of COVID-19?
How many ventilators have past studies projected will be required for a pandemic in the United States?
How is exhaled breath condensate used in viral research?
How many patients were in this study?
What was the conclusion of this study?
How long did the patient breath into the RTube?
What followed the reverse transcription step in the analysis?
What was the last step in the analysis?
What percentage of the patients were between 20 and 30 years old in this study?
Why is EBC an attractive method for screening?
What is the leading cause of death among children after the age of 1 month?
How has the number of childhood pneumonia been reduced?
What percentage of childhood deaths are due to pneumonia?
How has the childhood population grown in the last two decades?
What is the reduction in the number of childhood pneumonia cases?
How much is the reduction in childhood pneumonia deaths?
Childhood pneumonia rate for high-income countries vs low and middle-income countries?
What percentage of childhood pneumonia deaths occur outside the hospital in low and middle-income countries?
Case fatality rates for childhood pneumonia in high income vs low and middle-income countries?
How can childhood pneumonia affect the subsequent health of a person?
What is the increase in the risk of respiratory disease after having childhood pneumonia?
Which is the best method to identify pneumonia in a person?
What is responsible for the reduction of radiologic pneumonia?
What is the percentage reduction in pneumonia cases due to vaccination?
What is the revised WHO definition of bacterial pneumonia?
What is the reduction in bacterial pneumonia under the revised WHO definition of bacterial pneumonia?
What caused the increase in the incidence of empyema in children in the recent past?
How has the incidence of empyema been reduced?
What pneumonia-related or chest conditions indicate the need for child radiography?
What chest diseases and pneumonia were identified as leading causes before the availability of vaccines?
Why has pertussis immunity in infants has decreased in infants?
What is the effect of childhood tuberculosis on childhood pneumonia?
What are the risk factors in childhood pneumonia?
How does air pollution affect the incidence of childhood pneumonia?
What is the strongest risk factor for childhood pneumonia?
What is the global coverage of influenza and pneumonia vaccines?
Is influenza vaccination during pregnancy safe and how long does it protect the child?
What is empyema?
How is the term endpoint consolidation described with regard to pneumonia diagnosis?
What factors make H5N1 a worldwide threat to public health?
What are the symptoms of H5N1 infection in humans?
Name some medications used to treat influenza?
Why have antiretrovirals medications had limited benefit in treating influenza?
What is the focus of the current study?
What is the result of the current study?
How do the polysaccharides in plants affect the immune response?
What does this study demonstrate?
In this study, how did the treatment of EAP after infection affect survival?
What viruses have been responsible for most common childhood acute respiratory tract infections (ARTIs)?
Are there any vaccines to protect against respiratory viral infections?
Which type of bacteria are implicated in carrying genes of drug resistance?
What may be a likely cause of the sink-to-sink spreading of pathogens in the hospital setting?
What types of acute respiratory infections can be screened and diagnosed with multiplex PCR?
What is the role of antibodies during infection?
How can antibodies also create health problems?
Which technology invention produced antibodies that are clones of a unique parent cell?
What mechanism is responsible for the creation of a diversified repertoire for antibodies?
What developments have been made possible by the study of b-cell repertoire?
What motivates the study of the rare b-cells that produce broadly neutralizing antibodies (bnAbs)?
How has the study of b-cells helped the treatment of the respiratory syncytial virus (RSV)?
How are the studies on b-cells helping the development of a universal influenza vaccine?
What role does b-cell play in malaria infection and prevention?
How can the study of b-cells help in the prevention and treatment of autoimmune diseases?
When was the middle east respiratory syndrome coronavirus isolated first?
What is the case fatality rate for MERS coronavirus?
How does gender influence MERS-CoV infection?
Which is the source animal for the MERS-CoV?
What is the median time until death is MERS-CoV?
What is the incubation period for MERS-CoV?
What is the treatment for MERS-CoV?
What age group had the most MERS-CoV infections?
Why are nucleosides analogs used for chemotherapy?
What nucleoside analog is the focus of the current study?
Gemcitabine has been shown to have antiviral activity against which viruses?
How does gemcitabine disrupt viral activity?
Why are cotton rats considered a strong animal model for biomedical research?
What is the structure of the CD40-ligand?
What is the effect of CD40L on dendritic cells?
What is the effect of CD40L on B cells?
What factor may influence viral replication and gene expression?
What accounts for the variation of codon usage among open reading frameworks?
What conditions are considered upper respiratory tracts infections?
What conditions are considered lower respiratory tract infections?
What immune cells are primarily involved in eliminating virus-infected cells?
What molecules have been shown to hinder T cell responses to viral infections?
The accumulation of what molecule hinders phagocytic activity in T cells?
When did the last director-general of the who resign?
Why might an organization like the who be necessary?
Where should the next director-general for the who come from?
What traits should the new director-general of the who have?
What is the hepatitis C virus?
How many people have persistent hepatitis C virus?
What is the long-term risk of chronic hepatitis C infection?
What antiviral treatments are used for hepatitis C infection?
What is the main cause of death in the neonatal period of calves?
Where was hepcidin first discovered?
What is hepcidin?
What organ produces hepcidin?
What stimulates the release of hepcidin?
What element does hepcidin play a role in regulating metabolism?
Is hepcidin toxic?
Why is iron critical to bacteria?
How does hepcidin work in the duodenum?
How does hepcidin affect macrophages?
What leads to oxidative stress in the body?
What parameter is used to measure antioxidant levels?
What is acute hemorrhagic encephalomyelitis?
What are the salient findings in acute hemorrhagic encephalomyelitis?
What is RANBP2?
What is the suggested role of RANBP2 in the cell?
What is the hallmark finding of acute necrotizing encephalopathy?
What could trigger acute necrotizing encephalopathy?
When did she present with rapidly progressive right-hand weakness?
Compounds from what framework have shown promising anticancer and antiviral properties?
The replication of what virus is strongly inhibited by 2-(4-hydroxybenzyl)quinazolin-4(3h)-one (1)?
How many samples were obtained?
What percentage of patients were positive for at least one respiratory pathogen?
What percentage of patients tested positive for HBoV1?
When was HBoV1 first identified?
What are the symptoms of HBoV1 infection?
What are the ages of the patients in this study?
What was the male to female ratio for this study?
What causes acute respiratory illness in young children?
What is the molecular structure of the human metapneumovirus (HMPV)?
What virus is closely related to the human respiratory syncytial virus (RSV)?
What diseases are caused by HMPV?
How large is the HMPV genome?
How many open reading frames are in the HMPV genome?
What are the two major genotypes of HMPV?
What is the most common subgroup of HMPV?
Who accounted for 44% of HMPV positive cases in Kenya between 2007 and 2011?
What does this study describe?
What was the difference in the group a and b genomes?
What was the purpose of this study?
How many control samples were used in this study?
What was the prevalence of coinfection?
What risks factors were associated with lower RTIs?
What tests can simultaneously identify and subtype multiple respiratory viruses?
What was the definition of an immunocompromised state in this study?
What was the length of the study?
How many patients had acute RTIs?
What was the most frequent coinfection?
What health regulations were changes due to the outbreak of C. burnetii?
What was the median seropresence of C. burnetti in sheep flocks not linked to human outbreaks?
What important risk factors to infection were found during the second case-controlled study?
What was the interquartile range of the incubation period?
How many controls were used in the second case study?
What public event was linked with the outbreak?
What causes Q fever?
What is Coxiella burnetii?
What is the primary reservoir for Coxiella burnetii?
How are humans typically infected with Coxiella burnetii?
What are critical to regulating cellular biological processes?
How is the HeteSim measured used?
What kind of data is included in the string database?
What is the function of MALAT1?
What test can detect reduced anticoccidial efficacy in the field?
What is toltrazuril used to treat?
What is multiple evanescent white dot syndrome?
What precedes about half of the reported cases of MEWDS?
What types of viruses can be diagnosed through serological testing?
What type of clinical test can differentiate multiple evanescent white dot syndrome (MEWDS) from optic neuritis?
What were the most common viruses sampled from nasal swabs in Ilorin, Nigeria?
What was the most common virus detected in community members in this sample?
How bad is the burden of disease in developing countries?
Where do the majority of all infectious disease outbreaks happen?
What are some risk factors for countries to experience a high prevalence of acute respiratory infections?
What symptoms are associated with acute respiratory infections?
What was the most common virus detected in community samples in Ilorin, Nigeria?
What was the prevalence of coronavirus OC43 in community samples in Ilorin, Nigeria?
What was the prevalence of coronavirus OC 229 E/NL63 in clinical subjects in Ilorin, Nigeria?
What was the difference between community and clinic cases of acute respiratory infections?
How can countries enhance public health surveillance?
Why do respiratory tract infections pose major public health problems?
How much of a greater risk are children than adults to viral infections?
What is the most common infection in childhood?
What can respiratory viruses cause?
When do respiratory infections usually happen?
What are the most common viruses?
What is the most common viral infection for infants up to 3 months old?
What is the incidence of RSV in children older than 3 years of age?
What is the distance between the p4.7 and p12.7 genes in the Irish versus Japanese equine coronavirus variants?
What is the difference between the Tokachi09 and Irish coronavirus genomic sequences?
What suggests that Irish equine coronaviruses may have a low genetic diversity?
Where have most outbreaks of equine coronavirus occurred in the united states?
What kind of pertussis vaccine is used in middle and high-income countries?
Where is the highest rate of childhood pertussis globally?
What type of pertussis vaccine has been recently recommended by the who?
What are the clinical symptoms of pertussis?
What type of swabs are used to sample patients with pertussis?
How frequently do pertussis outbreaks peak?
What is the WHO criteria for a pertussis infection?
What is used by the Canadian public health system to identify periods of influenza activity?
Why is laboratory confirmation of influenza infection not commonly performed?
What types of viral infections are monitored through Canada's respiratory virus detection surveillance system (RVDSS)?
What is discussed in this publication?
What is discussed in this publication?
What is reported in this publication?
What is the conclusion regarding IRE1 and RNaseL proteins?
What is the structure of an echovirus?
What diseases are associated with echoviruses?
In California to where are, meningitis cases reported according to the California Code of regulations?
According to the California code of regulations, when should a meningitis case be reported?
Where is the viral and rickettsial disease laboratory located?
What type of reference genome was used in the study?
What was the read coverage for the e-30 genome in this study?
What are the structural regions of the enterovirus polyprotein in this study?
What can nuclear receptors regulate?
What is associated with cancer, diabetes, inflammatory disease, and osteoporosis?
What are nuclear receptors (NRs)?
What biological factors for nuclear receptors regulate?
How many families are in the nr superfamily?
What is a prerequisite to making a molecular docking study feasible?
What tool can be used to determine the 3d structure of proteins?
What are the shortcomings of x-ray crystallography?
What types of proteins are difficult to crystallize?
Where were the data collected for this study?
Who performed the sampling procedures?
When were the fecal samples collected?
What reference genome was used in the study?
What is the length of the replicase gene ORF1ab?
What type of coronavirus was detected in R. affinis and R. sinicus species?
What is a natural reservoir of coronavirus?
What is the genome size of the coronavirus?
What is the structure of the coronavirus?
What animals do gamma and delta coronavirus mainly infect?
How many types of coronaviruses are known to cause human disease?
What plays a role in regulating the immune response to a viral infection?
What is the conclusion of the coronavirus long-term surveillance studies?
What is the cause of feline infectious peritonitis (FIP)?
What is the molecular structure of the feline infectious peritonitis virus?
How is FECV detected in cats?
What type of vaccine is used to protect against FIPV infection?
Why is there a controversy surrounding the FIPV vaccine?
For how long was the denatured polyacrylamide gel polymerized?
How was the binding strength measured?
What was the focus of this study?
What do neuraminidase inhibitors target?
What is the function of neuraminidase in the influenza virus?
What is Tamiflu?
What was the test for the level of cytotoxicity used in this study?
What method was used to measure the inhibition of viral replication?
What was the conclusion of this study?
Why have nucleic acid amplification tests been restricted to laboratory settings?
What screening method was evaluated in this study?
What was used to measure the performance of the NINA heaters?
What percentage of HIV-infected people go undetected in the united states?
What percentage of patients do not return for follow-up after HIV testing?
What statistical tests were used to compare categorical variables?
What was a severe limitation of this study?
What follow-up is needed to confirm the results of the current study?
What is the conclusion of this study?
What suggests that IP-10 plays a significant role in the pathogenesis of pneumonia?
What cell types help prevent pneumococcal and influenza infection in the lungs?
What is the most common, clinically relevant multiresistant pathogen in both healthcare and community-acquired infections?
What is the treatment of choice for MRSA infections?
What enzyme is essential for the metabolism of fatty acids?
What was the purpose of this research?
What is the conclusion of the study?
Why makes the marmoset an appropriate animal model for pathogen research?
How can the efficacy of DAAs be diminished?
Was is the response rate of the hepatitis C virus to direct-acting antiviral treatments?
How do nonnucleoside NS5B polymerase inhibitors work?
How many patients were studied?
Was written consent obtained?
How much of the RNA template was in the reverse transcription reaction mixture?
How many RASs to NS5A inhibitors were identified?
Why is the substitution E62D important in drug resistance?
What are the key factors preventing the elimination of HCV infection in some patients?
What is needed to direct genetic mutations in RNA viruses?
What is the structure of the pestivirus?
What sequences are critical for the autonomous replication of the pestivirus genome?
What are the 4 structural proteins of the pestivirus polyprotein?
The bac differed from the parental cDNA sequence by what amino acid substitutions?
What is the purpose of this research study?
Why are SSIs important to the overall burden on the healthcare system?
What is the "never event" policy?
Patients from how many medical centers were studied?
Which patients were excluded from the study?
What are the limitations of a deterministic model?
How does PEDV spread?
How does PEDV cause illness?
What is the size of the PEDV genome?
Which viruses are part of the old world complex of Arenaviridae?
How can old world and new world arenaviruses be differentiated?
What is the incubation period for arenavirus?
What is the structure of the arenavirus?
What proteins does the arenavirus produce?
What diagnostic test has been shown to have excellent sensitivity in detecting viral infections?
What is the effect of oseltamivir and zanamivir?
What is glycyrrhizin?
What is the effect of glycyrrhizin in viral infections?
What is another word for hypercytokinaemia?
What has been correlated with the pathogenicity of the h5n1 infection?
What is the conclusion of the study?
What is the mean duration of time from single lobe consolidation to bilateral multilobar lung infiltrates in human adenovirus type 55 (HAdV-55)?
What is the mean duration of time from the first positive chest x-ray to bilateral multilobar lung infiltrates in human adenovirus type 55 (HAdV-55)?
What are the most frequent clinical manifestations of human adenovirus type 55 (HAdV-55) induced ards?
What do we know about the genomics of human adenovirus type 55 (HAdV-55)?
What are the clinical symptoms of human adenovirus type 55 (HAdV-55)?
What is the mean time from onset of symptoms to dyspnea in human adenovirus type 55 (HAdV-55)?
What is the mean time of onset of symptoms to ICU admission in human adenovirus type 55 (-55)?
What is the mean rate of respiration upon admission to the ICU when admitted for human adenovirus type 55 (HAdV-55)?
What is the white blood cell count in severe cases of human adenovirus type 55 (HAdV-55)?
What does a chest x-ray look like for a patient with a severe case of human adenovirus type 55 (HAdV-55)?
What are the high-resolution pulmonary ct scan findings for patients with severe cases of human adenovirus type 55 (HAdV-55)?
Where could a clinician acquire a positive viral sample in severe cases of human adenovirus type 55 (HAdV-55)?
How long did it take for patients with positive human adenovirus type 55 (HAdV-55) endotracheal aspirates to develop a measurable viremia?
Does blood type play a role in the severity of human adenovirus type 55 (HAdV-55) infection?
What are the most common clinical manifestations of severe human adenovirus type 55 (HAdV-55) induced ards?
What is the mortality rate of severe ards from human adenovirus type 55 (HAdV-55)?
What role does t-cell count play in severe human adenovirus type 55 (HAdV-55) infection?
How successful is the use of invasive mechanical ventilation (IMV) and non-invasive positive pressure ventilation (NPPV) in the treatment of severe ards from human adenovirus type 55 infection?
How many patients were analyzed in the study?
How many patients with community-acquired pneumonia are hospitalized each year?
What chest x-ray findings are typically indicative of community-acquired pneumonia?
When did who declare a pandemic of pH1N1/2009v influenza?
What is the classical cutoff value for antibody titers?
What is meant by a protective HIA titer?
What are the results of the study?
What was the interpretation for the cross-reactive antibodies?
How long did the pH1N1/2009 viral outbreak last?
What were the aims of this study?
What network of physicians provides real-time clinical data on the spread of influenza in France?
What are the criteria used to define an influenza-like illness in France?
What virus was the most common among the h1n1v negative patients?
What was the aim of this study?
Where is the bearded vulture (Gypaetus barbatus) commonly found?
What was the focus of this study?
What is the third most prevalent cancer in females in the united states?
What is the 1-year survival rate for colorectal cancer patients?
What is the 5-year survival rate for colorectal cancer patients?
How were nuclear morphological changes in ht-29 cells measured?
What is directly related to nuclear condensation?
What morphological cell changes are most associated with apoptosis?
What types of cells are suitable for colon cancer studies?
What was the goal of this study?
What is the conclusion of this study?
What was the conclusion of this study?
What are the implications of the novel fermentation-based glycosylation strategy described in this study?
What characteristics does glycosylation have on flavonoids?
What is fibrinogen-like protein 2 (fgi2)?
What represses murine hepatitis virus strain 3 (MHV-3) infection?
What was the goal of this study?
What is fulminant hepatitis?
How does prothrombinase fgl2 affect the coagulation process?
How long after MHV-3 infection was liver samples taken?
What is the relationship between urbanization and the risk of the emergence of flu-like diseases?
What factors and characteristics of semi-urban landscapes promote viral transmission?
What is the relationship between hin1 viral transmission and poultry production?
What is the principle behind the infection convergence model?
What is the boosted regression tree method?
What is the advantage of boosted regression tree method?
What is the relationship between land use and the emergence of HPAI H5N1?
Where is the highest risk of HPAI H5N1 like disease emergence?
How does land-use fragmentation increase the risk of flu-like diseases?
What is the relationship between the outbreak of HPAI h5n1 like diseases and rice cultivation?
What is the relationship between aquaculture and the spread of h5n1 like diseases?
What is the relationship between the proximity of water bodies to agricultural lands and the spread of H5N1 like diseases?
What is the effect of the diversity of chicken flocks on h5n1 disease?
What is the compound topological index and how is it related to the risk of disease transmission?
In vitro comparison of antiviral activity of chloroquine(CQ) and hydroxychloroquine(HCQ) against covid-19?
What will be the drug of choice for treating covid-19 between chloroquine and remdesivir?
Mechanism of action of chloroquine(cq) and hydroxychloroquine(hcq) against covid-19?
What is the effect of chloroquine(CQ) and hydroxychloroquine(HCQ) on endosomal maturation and endocytosis in covid-19 treatment?
Evidence of hydroxychloroquine(HCQ) being anti-inflammatory in SARS-CoV-2 critically ill patients with elevated plasma cytokines?
What proportion of healthcare workers reported symptoms of depression?
What proportion of healthcare workers reported symptoms of anxiety?
What proportion of healthcare workers reported symptoms of insomnia?
What proportion reported distress?
What were the generalized anxiety disorder scale scores?
What were the insomnia severity index scores?
What was the impact of event scale-revised scores?
What were the results of the analysis?
What were the results of the analysis?
What are the conclusions of this study?
What are microtubule severing enzymes?
What genetic mutation is associated with hereditary spastic paraplegia?
What genetic mutation is associated with cerebral malformations?
What genetic mutation is associated with autism?
What is katnal1?
What organ is most associated with the katnal1 gene?
What CNS functions can be measured by studying the movement of mice in a T-maze?
What CNS functions are changed by mutations in the katnal1 gene?
How is Japanese encephalitis transmitted?
What element is essential to promoting JEV infection?
Where is q130 located in the ns4b protein?
What is the mechanism of action for manidipine?
How many different pathogens are members of the Flaviviridae family of viruses?
What is the size of a flavivirus?
How many open reading frames are in the flavivirus genome?
What are the structural protein elements of a flavivirus?
What is the function of the nonstructural protein elements of the flavivirus?
What are RVPs?
What is HTS?
What is the selective index in high throughput screening?
What is the structure of a recombinant viral particle?
What measure is used in high-throughput screening to identify potential antiviral compounds?
How many known species of rotavirus exist?
Is rotavirus single or double-stranded?
What structural proteins are coded by rotavirus?
What non-structural proteins are coded by rotavirus?
What is QRT-PCR?
What is required to establish a secondary immune response to a viral infection?
What do immunoglobulin isotype recombination and somatic hypermutation depend on?
What was used to quantify the amount of IgM secreting cells?
Where was the coronavirus discovered?
What is the number of confirmed cases reached on 8 February 2020?
What is presented in this study?
What is the proposed model?
When is SSA generally employed?
What is the main idea behind the proposed model?
What is the proposed model called?
How is the FPASSA-ANFIS model evaluated?
What did the comparison of the FPASSA-ANFIS model with several existing models, show?
How was the proposed model tested?
What were the outcomes of the test?
What are the large family of viruses, called coronaviruses?
Among whom are the coronaviruses distributed?
In what the adaptive neuro-fuzzy inference system (ANFIS) [22] is widely applied?
What does ANFIS offer?
In which applications has it been applied?
What is SI?
What is PSO?
What is SCA?
What is MVO?
For what SCA algorithm was applied to improve the ANFIS model?
What may be a problem with the individual SI algorithm?
What is OWA?
What is proposed in the current study?
What is the FPA optimization algorithm inspired by?
What is the SSA optimization algorithm inspired by?
What is the proposed FPASSA method?
How does the proposed FPASSA start?
What do the authors propose?
What is vacuolar-type h(+)-atpase (v-atpase)?
What is archazolid?
How many complexes are within v-ATPase?
What is the role of v-ATPase in the plasma membrane of osteoclasts and renal epithelial cells?
What does angiogenesis depend on?
How were untreated MDA-MB-231 cells labeled?
What was the goal of the study?
What was the reported infection rate for influenza?
How many times more likely was an infection found in patients over 85 years old?
What can be the main challenges in managing a hospital outbreak of covid-19?
Why early identification of covid-19 patients can be difficult?
What are the steps that a hospital should take after the covid-19 outbreak?
Why exposure risk of covid-19 is very high for ICU staff and what precautions should be taken?
Use of SIR/SEIR model in statistics-based predictions of coronavirus epidemic spreading?
What virus is used by the most successful neuronal circuit tracing methods?
In what direction does the vesicular stomatitis virus spread through the nervous system?
What determines whether the spread of vesicular stomatitis virus is monosynaptic or polysynaptic?
What types of viruses can be used to study the connectivity of neuronal circuitry?
What is carrageenan?
What is the potential therapeutic benefit of carrageenan?
What is the optimal window for initiating treatment with carrageenan and zanamivir?
What was the mortality rate of influenza a virus subtype H7N9 (avian or bird flu)?
How many human cases were there of influenza a virus subtype H7N9?
How did most patients contract influenza a virus subtype H7N9?
Can influenza a virus subtype H7N9 be transmitted human to human?
What kind of disease is caused by influenza?
How many severe cases are there for annual influenza epidemics?
How many deaths occur annually as a result of annual influenza epidemics?
Is coinfection common in influenza infection?
What percentage of people infected with influenza have a viral coinfection?
What are common concomitant infections during influenza infection?
What is the anti-viral mechanism of action for carrageenan?
What is the hypothetical mechanical benefit for carrageenan in preventing and treating upper respiratory infections?
What is carrageenan?
What is the recovery benefit of carrageenan in patients with any respiratory virus?
What is the anti-influenza benefit of carrageenan?
What is the association between influenza viral load and carrageenan?
Is oseltamivir effective when taken intranasally?
What is the effect of intranasal zanamivir on laboratory-confirmed influenza infection?
Do carrageenan and zanamivir deliver intranasally have a benefit when taken for influenza subtype H7N7 infection?
Do carrageenan and zanamivir deliver intranasally have a benefit when taken for influenza subtype h1n1 infection?
Is there a dose-dependent response to carrageenan and zanamivir intranasal therapy?
Do carrageenan and zanamivir together have a greater benefit than either in monotherapy?
Did the use of carrageenan play a role in pandemic's caused by novel viruses?
How was ILI defined?
What is this assay based on?
How was random sampling performed?
What is used to detect pathogens?
What does the retrospective study use?
How many swabs were randomly selected and analyzed?
How were the swabs analyzed?
What viruses were detected?
What co-infections were found?
What seasonal differences were found?
What does the study highlight?
What does the study show?
Which are identified as major viruses mostly responsible for ILI and pneumonia in several studies?
What percentage of these infections are identified?
What is Reunion island?
What is the number of inhabitants of Reunion island?
Where is Reunion island located?
What is the island's health care system similar to?
When does influenza activity increase?
When does the influenza vaccination campaign in reunion island start?
What is the clinical and biological influenza surveillance has been based on?
What is this network composed of?
How are the influenza tests carried out?
What do 40-50% of the samples test positive for?
What are the ILI samples which test negative for influence?
What tool has been developed to identify several viruses simultaneously?
What are the objectives of the study?
On which system the reverse transcription and preamplification steps were performed?
Which two seasons were identified for trends in virus circulation?
Which were the most frequently identified respiratory pathogens?
What was detected only in summer?
What viruses were identified only in winter?
Respiratory viral pathogens were present in what percentage of samples?
What did the study highlight?
How many swabs remained without etiology?
What hypotheses can explain this result?
What could not be tested for?
What does this study highlight?
What does the study show?
What would be interesting to do?
What is it most similar to?
How many people were affected as of Feb 10, 2020?
How is the SARS-CoV-2 referred to?
How much similarity the SARS-CoV-2 genome sequence has with SARS-CoV?
What similarities do human SARS-CoV-2 and palm civet SARSlike CoV share?
How much is the difference between the human SARS-CoV-2 and the bat RaTG13-CoV?
Why is it highly unlikely that RaTG13-CoV is the immediate source of SARS-CoV-2?
What are the most revealing signs that SARS-CoV-2 evolved by natural evolution?
What did the nature medicine paper report?
Why does the claim lack any scientific basis?
How was the mouse-adapted sars virus (MA15) generated?
How did the SARS-CoV gain elevated replication and lung pathogenesis in aged mice?
Why is it likely that MA15 is highly attenuated to replicate in human cells?
Why were civets proposed to be an intermediate host of the bat-CoVs, capable of spreading SARS-CoV to humans?
What was the finding in 2013?
Why is it proposed that some bat SL-CoVs may be able to directly infect human hosts?
What was done to test if an intermediate host may not be necessary and that some bat SL-CoVs may be able to directly infect human hosts t?
What were the results of this test?
Why were experiments with the SL-SHC014-MA15 chimeric virus were later restricted?
Why is there no credible evidence to support the claim that the SARS-CoV-2 is derived from the chimeric SL-SHC014-MA15 virus?
What did the rumour that the virus was made by humans in the lab, claim?
What was reported in a rebuttal paper led by an HIV-1 virologist dr Feng Gao?
What happened to the report with initial claims?
What is the difference between evolution and synthetic constructs?
What is the conclusion of this report?
What is the conclusion of this report?
What is the clinical manifestation similar to?
What was the purpose of the research?
What preventative measure has been taken to decrease the incidence of diarrhea in children?
What led to a great increase in their study among virologists worldwide?
How many hantaviral genotypes have been described?
How many of them are pathogenic for humans?
What do hantaviruses cause in their reservoir hosts?
What does hantavirus human disease manifest as?
What are the case-fatality ratios, for the most common viral serotypes?
What are among the factors that may have increased the human caseload of HCPS between 1993 and the present?
What do the authors consider in this study?
What do the authors consider in this study?
Which diseases are a major concern among scientists studying infectious diseases?
What may alter population disease dynamics and lead to the emergence of zoonotic infections?
Which are among the conspicuous examples which challenge prevention and control measures of public health systems?
More recently, what did outbreaks of several viral-related diseases that have emerged or re-emerged, involve?
What did, in the last century, outbreaks of viral-related diseases that have emerged or re-emerged, involve?
Among zoonotic diseases, what are the hosts of several pathogenic RNA viruses?
Which pathogenic RNA viruses are hosted by small mammals?
When did hantavirus infections become a concern in the Americas?
What was the hantavirus cardiopulmonary syndrome, HCPS (or hantavirus pulmonary syndrome), linked to?
What was identified as the reservoir of SNV?
What did a review of ancient Chinese writings in 960 ad, reveal?
How was HFRS first brought to the attention of western medicine?
What is HTNV?
Where was HTNV isolated from?
Which new genus was the virus later found to represent?
Which was the first hantavirus to be isolated?
What is the categorization of hantaviruses as belonging to the family Bunyaviridae due in part too?
What was the hairpin morphology first described for?
How is the precursor form GPC processed, during virus maturation?
When does the cleavage appear to be signaled?
Why must the two proteins Gn and Gc be co-expressed?
Which two distinct cellular receptors are the glycoproteins are the known or presumed ligands for?
What is the underlying premise for many of these studies?
What is the premise for apathogenic forms to blunt any pathological response in the host?
Which proteins and mRNAs prominently induced by hantaviruses include?
What have hantaviruses been identified as adversely affect?
What have hantaviruses been identified in potentiating?
What is n-protein?
What does the n-protein, as an RNA-binding protein, do?
As an RNA-binding protein that engages the hairpin termini of the genomic segments, what does the n-protein of hantavirus do?
As an RNA-binding protein that engages the hairpin termini of the genomic segments, what does the n-protein of hantavirus do?
What does the n-protein act as?
What can some of the other activities of n have, be linked to?
What can some of the other activities of n have, be linked to?
What is n also reported to interact with?
How do the viral RNAs become concentrated in p bodies during hantavirus infection?
What have confocal microscopy and biochemical-inhibitor studies shown?
What have confocal microscopy and biochemical-inhibitor studies shown on what n tracks?
What is the ultimate destination for N, for its assembly into viral particles?
How does it traffic?
What is a dominant-negative inhibitor?
What is dynamitin associated with?
What is dynamitin associated with?
What does recent data indicate?
Why have hantavirus diseases of man been suspected of having an immunopathogenic basis?
What is a critical feature of both?
What is the character of the resulting leakage?
Which is an especially attractive candidate as an important in vivo receptor for hantaviruses?
What is the likely way that hantaviruses arrive at their target tissues?
What does the virus seed?
What happens with the viral seeding at the local endothelium?
How long does the process of giving rise to primary viremia for hantavirus infections?
What happens by the time that secondary viremia emerges?
How is the expression of proinflammatory cytokines induced?
For HCPS, what does that expression favor?
For HCPS, what does that expression spare?
What happens for HFRS?
What is considered to be a requirement for the development of systemic disease symptoms?
What do those abnormalities sometimes culminate in?
What leads to death in most fatal cases of HCPS?
What leads to death in most fatal cases of HCPS?
What potential mechanism, could be presumed to underlie the pathogenesis of HCPS?
What potential mechanism, could be presumed to underlie the pathogenesis of HCPS?
What potential mechanism, could be presumed to underlie the pathogenesis of HCPS?
What explanation have some investigators favored for much of the capillary leak?
What animal models exist for both the asymptomatic carriage of PUUV and SNV?
For what can the Syrian hamster model be used?
What does the hamster model for HCPS caused by?
Typically how long do the hamsters die post-inoculation?
What does the microscopic examination of the lung reveal, as with human hcps?
What do ANDV-infected hamsters fit with physiologic monitoring devices exhibit?
What do diminished pulse pressures, tachycardia, and hypotension in ANDV infected hamsters appear to closely mimic?
Compared to humans, what do ANDV infected hamsters exhibit?
With what have three studies correlated plasma viral RNA?
What are examples of delivery vectors for commercial anti-salmonella vaccines?
What can be a factor in using common vectors for the delivery of vaccines?
Is a pre-existing immune response to a commonly used delivery vector an advantage or a disadvantage?
What bacterial delivery vectors have been tested in animal hosts?
Which bacterial delivery vectors have gained favor for vaccines?
Why are E. coli and lactic acid are safe choices as delivery vectors for vaccines?
What is listeria?
What is the advantage of listeria as a delivery vector for vaccines?
What are examples of viral vectors for delivering vaccines?
Which viral vaccine delivery vector was first licensed?
What are examples of attenuated poxvirus vaccine delivery vectors?
What is the connection between chicken and salmonella?
Why are some poxvirus ideally suited as vaccine delivery vectors?
What is the advantage of adenovirus as a vaccine delivery vector?
What are important criteria for selecting vaccine delivery vectors?
What are important criteria for selecting vaccine delivery vectors?
What are important criteria for selecting vaccine delivery vectors?
What happens when a recipient of a vaccine has an immune response to the delivery vector?
What is the effect of host immune response to the delivery vector on the efficacy of vaccination?
What is the effect of host immune response to the delivery vector on the efficacy of vaccination?
What is an example of the effect of immunity to the delivery vector on the efficacy of vaccination?
What is the effect of host immune response to viral delivery vectors in the efficacy of vaccination?
What is the effect of host immune response to the viral delivery vector on the efficacy of vaccination?
What is the effect of host immune response to the delivery vector on the efficacy of vaccination?
What are methods to avoid the effect of vector immunity on the efficacy of vaccination?
What are methods to avoid the effect of vector immune response on the efficacy of vaccination?
How does cell-mediated immunity to viral delivery vector, reduce the immune response to the vaccine?
How can vectors for which host has immunity, be used differently to increase the efficacy of vaccination?
How does the PED virus transmit between animals?
How can Bacillus subtilis be used as an oral vaccine?
What cells are infected by the PED virus?
What kind of immune responses are most effective in preventing ped virus?
What intestinal factors may reduce the effectiveness of orally administered immunizations?
What is bacillus subtilis?
What is the role of dendritic cells in the immune response?
Where do dendritic cells exist in the body?
What are the components of gut-associated lymphoid tissue?
What type of cells, form the intestinal mucosal barrier?
What factors determine an effective mucosal immune response?
What is an effective indicator of a vaccine's ability to generate an immune response?
What is interleukin-1beta?
When was the first case of covid-19 identified?
Where did SARS-CoV-2 originate?
In what year did the first sars epidemic occur?
When was the World Health Organization (WHO) first notified about the SARS-CoV-2 epidemic in Wuhan city, China?
When did we discover that SARS-CoV-2, which causes COVID-19, was a novel coronavirus?
How long did it take to identify the cause of COVID-19?
What type of test was initially developed to screen for SARS-CoV-2?
How big was the temporary hospital built in Wuhan city for the treatment of COVID-19 patients?
How long did it take China to build the temporary hospital in Wuhan for COVID-19 patients?
What is a key factor in managing emerging infectious disease threats?
In what year did the MERS epidemic occur?
How long did it take to publish the full genomic sequence of SARS-CoV-2 after it was identified?
What was the fatality rate for SARS-CoV?
What was the fatality rate for MERS?
What are some challenges associated with using media and social media to capture information about an emerging epidemic?
What are the risks of health workers failing to wash hands?
Who is at risk when health workers fail to wash their hands?
What was the R0 of SARS in absence of control measures?
What is superspreading?
How many people may have left Wuhan before travel restrictions were imposed?
How many severe cases of influenza-related illnesses are reported per year?
How many influenza-related deaths are reported each year?
What is the mortality rate of the H5N1 strain of influenza?
What cells are the main target of the influenza A virus in the lungs?
How many extracellular domains are in the CEACAM1 protein?
Where is CEACAM1 expressed in the body?
What motifs are absent in the short form of CEACAM1 protein?
What are the most common isoforms of CEACAM1?
How do CEACAM1 and CEACAM5 interact?
What are the src-family of kinases?
What triggers the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines/chemokines to assist in viral clearance?
What mediates the anti-apoptosis of neutrophils?
How do natural killer cells fight influenza viruses?
How do influenza viruses escape binding by the natural killer cell-activating receptors?
What is enfuvirtide?
What is labeled in red?
What is marked in blue?
What is marked in green?
What is labeled in pink?
How many times was the experiment repeated?
What was the main finding in the study?
What do the results suggest?
What enhanced anti-HIV1 activity?
What figure shows that ap3 exhibited higher inhibitory activities on infection by HIV-1 IIB and HIV-1 BAL strains?
What is the serum half-life of T20?
What kind of model best describes the pharmacokinetic profiles of AP3 and AP2?
What is the in vivo elimination half-life of AP3?
Why did the T20/N36 complex not show a typical alpha-helical conformation?
What mutations have been typically associated with T20-resistant HIV-1 variants?
What are the main steps for mitigating the COVID -19 transmission during transport of suspected and confirmed patients?
How many deaths each year are caused by gastroenteritis?
What percentage of sporadic diarrhea are caused by norovirus?
What is the most common cause of viral gastroenteritis in children?
Which types of adenovirus are associated with diarrhea?
When was the first tissue culture system developed?
What are the most common DNA-based techniques for detecting viruses?
What is universal primer-PCR used for in viral studies?
What is Koch's first postulate?
What is Koch's second postulate?
What is Koch's third postulate?
If all 3 of Koch's postulates are met, what does this indicate?
Is Koch's postulate applicable to enteric viruses?
What changes do viruses make to be unrecognizable to previously neutralizing antibodies?
What is hepatitis C?
How large is the HCV genome?
What are the non-structural proteins encoded by the HCV genome?
Why has it been difficult to develop a therapy for the hepatitis C virus?
An antibody response to which proteins correlates with reduced HCV levels?
How are type a, b, and c viruses determined?
Which type of influenza causes epidemics and pandemics?
When did lions first occupy Europe?
What was the purpose of this study?
What has been the application of phage display technology?
What makes phage display technology useful for other applications?
What are the advantages of phage as a vaccine carrier?
What is the potential of phage for infectious and chronic diseases?
What is the regularity of the virion major coat protein lattice useful for?
Why is the phage ab an excellent model system for directed protein evolution?
What are filamentous bacteriophages (genera Inovirus and Plectrovirus)?
What invention has made bacteriophages useful for research?
What has the bacteriophage technology and the library of folded protein variants enabled?
What are the potential novel applications of the filamentous phage?
What themes are common in the applications of filamentous phage?
What do applications of filamentous phage depend on?
What characteristics are determined by the display mode?
How may the display be achieved?
What does the term "phage display" refer to?
What does the term "phage-displayed library" refer to?
What characteristic of filamentous phage has been demonstrated?
What application is a natural extension of the ability to display recombinant exogenous sequences on its surface?
What makes it an attractive vaccine carrier?
What does the display mode determine?
Why is antibody epitope-based peptide vaccines are no longer an active research area?
What phage may be useful in allergy immunotherapy?
Which are some phage-based contraceptive vaccines for animals?
Which are some phage-based contraceptive vaccines for animals?
What is one reason for the lack of success of immunization phage-displayed peptides with native protein?
Despite shortcomings, what has the filamentous phage has been useful for?
What is the result of all species tests of phage particles?
What are the results of filamentous phage immunizations in mice?
What is the primary antibody response against the phage?
Why is phage self-adjuvanting?
On what does the antibody response to phage depend?
What do biodistribution studies of the phage after intravenous injection show?
What are the merits of the filamentous phage carriers?
What is the future potential of filamentous phage?
What were more potent inhibitors of Staphylococcus aureus growth than high-concentration free chloramphenicol?
What killed prostate cancer cells in vitro?
What was the effect of phage displaying peptides on the tumour?
Why is the phage displaying an scFv against beta-amyloid fibrils is a good diagnostic for Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease?
What is the structure of a filamentous phage particle?
What makes filamentous phage ideal scaffold for bioconjugation?
What trials have been done to demonstrate the potential of phage in applications for nanomaterials?
What trials have been done to demonstrate the potential of phage in applications for nanomaterials?
What is the filamentous phage virion is made of?
What demonstrates the potential of phage in applications for nanomaterials?
What was investigated in this study?
What was the range of genomic sequencing depths?
Which q-score reads were eliminated from the analysis?
What was the mean length of the sequenced read?
Which strain was similar to other Belgian porcine kobuvirus isolates?
What is clostridium difficile?
What is sporulation?
What is the key regulator to sporulation?
What are the main virulence factors in C. difficile?
What laboratory test can be used to monitor protein expression?
How is the Venezuelan equine encephalitis virus transmitted?
What are the symptoms of the Venezuelan equine encephalitis virus?
What is the mortality rate of the Venezuelan equine encephalitis virus in children?
What is the mortality rate of the Venezuelan equine encephalitis virus in adults?
What vaccine can be used to prevent the Venezuelan equine encephalitis virus?
What can RNA sequencing be used to monitor?
What activates the UPR pathway in the cell?
What indicators does the UPR pathway use to regulate protein folding and secretion in the cell?
Where does EGR1 accumulate in the cell?
What is EGR1?
What is disease resilience?
What family of viruses does SARS reside in?
What family of viruses does MERS reside in?
When was SARS-CoV first identified?
How many people did SARS-CoV infect?
What percentage of people infected with MERS-CoV died?
What percentage of people infected with SARS-CoV died?
What was the reservoir for SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV?
What was the primary threatening clinical finding in patients infected with SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV?
What is the relationship between SARS-CoV and acute lung injury (ALI)?
What is the relationship between sars-cov and acute respiratory distress syndrome (ards)?
What is required for a person to survive a serious SARS-CoV infection?
How does cell-entry differ between SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV?
What is a major difference in clinical progression between SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV?
How does transmission differ between SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV?
How do SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV evade the immune system sensing its genome?
What role does initial viral titer play in the prognosis of SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV?
What is the timeline of the type I interferon (IFN) response in SARS-CoV infection?
How do SARS-CoV viral proteins interact with the immune response?
What was the role of corticosteroid use in hospitalized patients with SARS-CoV?
What is the role of interferon's (IFNs) in the treatment of SARS-CoV?
What are some negative effects of decreasing immunopathology by immunomodulation?
What is the role of topoisomerase I in improving host resilience in viral lung infections?
What is the role of complement 5a (C5a) in increasing host resilience to viral lung infection?
What is the role of statins in increasing host resilience to viral lung infections?
Which medical comorbidities most profoundly influenced MERS-CoV outcomes?
Which immune factors were associated with increased SARS-CoV morbidity and mortality?
What is the prognostic role of coinfection in SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV infections?
Can host resilience be predicted?
Can biomarkers be used to predict outcomes in acute respiratory distress (ARDS) patients?
What work has been carried out in this study?
How many confirmed cases were identified in February 2020?
What was the case fatality rate?
Who are the majority of cases?
What are the symptoms at the onset?
What type of virus is 2019-nCoV?
What clade does it belong to?
What other betacoronaviruses are zoonotic in origin?
How does the pathogenicity of 2019-nCoV compare with other viruses?
How does the transmissibility of 2019-nCoV compare with other viruses?
Which electronic databases were used for this study?
What was the purpose of the search?
What topics were searched for?
What studies were excluded?
What did the searches yield?
What are the primary means for diagnosing the new virus strain?
What are the roles of the period and type of specimens?
What are some of the other diagnostic methods?
How does RT-LAMP compare with other methods?
How do RT-iiPCR and a one-step rRT-PCR compare with other methods?
Why is RTPCR not the best method sometimes?
What did the comparison between the molecular test and serological test show?
What enhancements to the molecular tests were looked at?
What is the threshold sensitivity of real-time PCR?
How is the reproducibility of real-time PCR?
What are potential vaccines based on?
Which kit is currently used in China?
Why were only four studies included?
Which four studies were included?
What is the safety of the vaccines?
What was the performance of the vaccine candidates?
How many clinical trials are registered?
What is the status of the nine trials?
What are the results of seroconversion?
What were the results of antibodies?
What were the T-cell responses?
What were the differences in immune responses?
What is the observed benefit of the molecules?
What is the ongoing randomized trial investigating?
What are the many prospective and retrospective studies conducted?
What was the result of the phase 1 trial of IgG immunoglobin?
What role does rapid diagnostics play?
What other measures do rapid diagnostics facilitates?
What are ways to perform laboratory diagnostics?
What are the key limitations of genetic detection?
What is a key limitation of serological testing?
What is the limitation in virus testing?
What was the result of the treatment?
What superiority did the treatment with integrative Chinese and western medicine treatment have compared with using control treatment alone?
What was a characteristic of SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV, specimens collected from the lower respiratory tract such as sputum and tracheal aspirates?
How do severe cases compare with mild cases?
What is the disadvantage of upper respiratory tract specimens?
What are the existing practices in detecting the genetic material of viruses?
Why are nucleic amplification tests (naat) usually preferred as in the case of MERS-CoV diagnosis?
Where was the first validated diagnostic test designed?
How were the assays selected?
How were the assays used?
What were the results?
What did the trial on SAB-301 demonstrate?
What conditions are caused by staphylococcus aureus?
What percentage of healthy adults are asymptotically colonized by pneumococcus bacteria?
What types of cells follow epithelial cells in the immune response to infections in the lung?
What enhances the expression of type I interferon?
What reduces the antimicrobial activities of alveolar macrophages?
What is pneumolysin?
What factors make bacterial and viral co-infections so lethal?
What are inovirus-associated vectors?
How can random peptide libraries be used in applications?
Which Lactobacillus casei strain does not have the cholera toxin subunit A1 (CTA1) on the surface?
What is the most effective treatment against influenza?
What is the percentage decrease in influenza antibodies after 8 months after inoculation with the inactivated vaccine?
Why is matrix protein 2 (M2) an attractive target for a universal influenza vaccine?
Why have m2-based vaccines been ineffective?
Why are lactic acid bacteria considered an attractive delivery system for a live influenza vaccine?
What primer pairs were used for PCR?
What is considered essential to boost the interaction of the influenza vaccine with the mucosal immune system?
Name some adjuvants that have been used with an influenza vaccine?
What was found in the lungs of the control mice in this study?
What did this study show?
What regulates the secretion of proinflammatory cytokines?
Where does the NLRP3 inflammasome activate after a SARS-CoV infection?
What ion channel is essential for 3a-mediated IL-1beta secretion?
What are viroporins?
What is the genus of the SARS coronavirus?
What is the family of the SARS coronavirus?
Is the sars coronavirus enveloped?
Is the sars coronavirus single-stranded or double-stranded?
How many laboratory-confirmed cases of sars coronavirus infections were reported between November 2002 and July 2003?
What was the fatality rate of the sars coronavirus outbreak between November 2002 and July 2003?
What are examples of proinflammatory cytokines?
How does NLRP3 detect RNA viral infection?
How many amino acids are in the SARS-CoV E protein?
What type of ion channels are formed by the SARS-CoV E protein?
What does the SARS-CoV protein activate?
What is critical to the development of a protective granuloma in tuberculosis infections?
What is tumour necrosis factor-alpha?
What regulates the activity of MAPK activity?
What causes tuberculosis?
What percentage of the world has been infected by tuberculosis?
How many new tuberculosis cases are there each year worldwide?
What are some mitogen-activated protein kinases?
How is MAPK activated?
What enzymes are involved with phosphorylation?
How many MAPK phosphatases exist?
What is lipopolysaccharide?
What is staph aureus?
What protein is in the critical path of immunity and cytokine expression?
What diminishes the effectiveness of annual influenza vaccinations?
What new types of influenza vaccines are needed?
What alternatives to classical vectored vaccines are needed?
What is the advantage of virus vectored vaccine?
What is the advantage of virus vectored vaccines?
What is one of the issues with present vaccines?
What general types of vaccines are available?
What inactivated vaccines are available?
How is the split virus inactivated?
How is the TIV administered?
What does the TIV contain?
How is the TIV efficacy measured?
Which is the major surface and attachment glycoprotein on the influenza virus?
How is the serum antibody response measured?
What is a gold standard for correlation with immunity to influenza?
What is the indication for protection against influenza?
What gives protection against clinical disease?
What can give protection against clinical disease?
How is the LAIV administered?
What does the LAIV contain?
Does LAIV replicate at body temperature?
What is a characteristic of LAIV?
Where do the laiv replicate?
What does LAIV immunization do?
What do the inactivated vaccines rely on?
What enables virus invasion from immunity?
When does the vaccine strain selection occur in the northern hemisphere?
What is the efficacy of LAIV?
What does LAIV rely on?
What is the LAIV replacement schedule?
Why LAIV may provide broader protection than TIV?
What has raised the possibility of a universal influenza vaccine?
What is the advantage of recombinant DNA systems?
What is the advantage of the recombinant DNA system?
What is the advantage of recombinant DNA systems?
What is the issue with each of these vaccines?
What is a concern with these vaccines?
How many serotypes of adenovirus are there?
Why adenovirus may be the safest vaccine vector?
Which is the most studied serotype?
Why is ad5 is the most studied serotype?
Why are adenovirus vectors most attractive?
What is the advantage of the adenovirus?
What is the advantage of an adenovirus vector?
What is the advantage of adenovirus?
What is the advantage of adenovirus vaccines?
What is the advantage of the oral capsule and intranasal deliveries?
What did the first report on adenovirus as a vector demonstrate?
Which rAd5 delivery has been tested?
What was the result of the rAd5-HA testing?
What is the result of rAd5 trials?
What is an example of the failure of rAd5?
What was the failure of the rAd5 vaccine for inducing HIV-1 specific T cell response?
What does immunization with adenovirus induce?
What is the advantage of the inclusion of non-HA antigens to ha based vaccines?
What is the disadvantage of the inclusion of non-HA antigens to ha based vaccines?
What was the first reported baculovirus vector-based vaccine for influenza?
What is the drawback of the Ad5 vector?
What alternatives to the Ad5 vector have been explored?
What animal adenoviruses have been shown to induce immunity comparable to rAd5-HA?
What can evade anti-Ad5 response and also provide effective antigen delivery and immunogenicity?
What additional strategies have been explored to avoid preexisting immunity?
What is the advantage of the AAV vector?
What is the advantage of the AAV vector?
What is the advantage of the AAV vector?
What is the advantage of the AAV vector?
Has AAV been studied as vectors for influenza?
What are alphaviruses?
What are some alphavirus vectors that have been developed?
How do the alphavirus vectors work?
How do the alphavirus vectors work?
What is an important feature of the replicon system?
How did the vee based replicon system incorporating ha from pr8perform?
Why is the vee replicon system particularly appealing?
What is the advantage of the vee replicon system?
What were the VRPs derived from vee developed for?
What did the clinical trial with CMV VRP show?
What did the clinical trial with VRP show?
Which baculovirus vaccine has been approved for human use?
What is the advantage of baculoviruses?
What is the advantage of baculovirus vectors?
How can baculovirus vectors be improved?
What baculovirus vector-based immunization protected from a lethal challenge?
What was the benefit of the robust innate immune response to the baculovirus vector?
What is the Newcastle disease virus?
What are the appealing qualities of the NDV vector?
What is the appealing quality of the NDV vector?
What is the appealing quality of the NDV vector?
What did the first report on the NDV vector test conclude?
What is the added protection of the NDV vector?
What have the limited NDV human trails shown?
What are the attractive features of the PIV5 vector?
What was the result of the test of the efficacy of PIV5 in the murine challenge?
What opportunity has the termination of smallpox vaccination provided?
What vaccinia vectors were created to address safety concerns?
How safe is mva?
What is the status of the MVA influenza vaccine?
What is NYVAC?
How is NYVAC grown?
How safe is NYVAC?
What would limit the use of poxvirus vectored vaccines?
What is the advantage of the NYVAC as an influenza virus?
Where is the poxvirus vaccine being used?
What have the studies on np shown for the protection against influenza challenge?
What is the goal of the vaccine?
What has enabled the development of one size fits all vaccines?
Why is a revision of current vaccines is needed?
What is an example of an improved vaccine regime?
What can provide an improved vaccine regime?
What features can be created for creating vectored vaccines?
How can sustained immunity be generated?
What is the advantage of vectored vaccines?
What is the enhanced memory immune response linked to?
What cellular process is the tat protein essential to?
Where does the tat protein move to in cells?
What is a nucleolus?
Where are rRNA and ribosomes created?
How many proteins were shown to change the amount of Jurkat T-cell nucleolus significantly?
What cellular processes occur in the nucleolus?
Which viruses target the nucleolus as part of their replication strategy?
What nucleolar antigen is essential for the localization of Tat and Rev proteins?
What was studied in this report?
What was studied in this report?
Which isotope-labelled arginine?
Which isotope-labelled lysine?
How many cells were harvested from each culture?
How long is the nuclear protein parp-1?
How long is the protein alpha-tubulin?
Where was alpha-tubulin found most abundantly in the cell?
Where was alpha-tubulin found least abundantly in the cell?
What is shown in table s1?
What types of cells are used to study tat-mediated pathogenesis?
How many proteins displayed a significant fold change?
What is the significance of this study?
How are mammarenaviruses spread from rodents to humans?
What are the main groups for mammarenaviruses?
What is the cause of Lassa fever?
What type of vaccine is JUNV, candid#1?
Why was the human A549 cell line chosen for this study?
For how long were the cells infected before analysis?
What drug is used to treat congestive heart failure?
What does ouabain inhibit?
What method can significantly alleviate the emergence of drug-resistant variants in RNA viral infections?
What factors did this study attribute to the efficient multiplication of mammarenaviruses?
How do the authors suggest that ATP1A1 and PHB contribute to the efficient multiplication of mammarenaviruses?
Which are the most abundant biological entities on earth?
What contributed to a large part of the mammalian genomic sequence?
What were the earliest replicating entities that fulfil several criteria for life?
What are some examples of autonomous bacteria that lost their independence and became intracellular parasites or endosymbionts?
What entities with no genes satisfy the criteria for life?
Which group of RNA quasispecies satisfy the criteria for life?
How are the ribozymes able to replicate, join and create peptide bonds?
Does RNA replication need polymerase enzymes?
How can DNA arise chemically from RNA?
What do ribozymes consist of?
What do ribozymes lack?
What do ribozymes exhibit?
What is CHIKV marked by?
What does chikungunya cause?
What is the chikungunya virus?
Is there a treatment?
What conclusion is drawn in this report?
What is the chikungunya virus?
What is CHIKV?
How is CHIKV propagated to humans?
From what language the disease gets its name?
What is the word chikungunya mean?
What does chikungunya mean in swahili?
How is CHIKV maintained in Africa?
What is it vectored by, in Asia?
How does the transmission in Asia occur?
What spurred the discovery of the new vector ae albopictus?
In the epidemic peak how many cases per week were there on the island?
What does this review detail?
What does this review describe?
How many genotypes of CHIKV have been isolated?
What are the genotypes based on?
When did the Asian genotype emerge?
When did the Asian genotype diverge from the African genotype?
What is the status of Asian CHIKV since its emergence?
What are the recent activities of CHIKV?
How was the Italian isolation found to have evolved?
How many days is the incubation period?
In how many days do the symptoms arise?
What is exhibited in the two phases?
What are the consequences of infection?
What percentage of the patients still have the CHIKV IgM after eighteen months?
What is the chronic stage characterized by?
What is affected by CHIKV?
What explains the pain associated with CHIKV?
What percentage of people suffering from CHIKF are over 65 years old?
What percentage die?
What other group is disproportionately affected?
What complications are associated with CHIKV?
What happens after host infection?
What did the Ae. aegypti which is responsible for epidemics in Kenya, Comoros and Seychelles carry?
What was the result of the decline in the population of Ae. aegypti when the virus struck the reunion islands, due to the massive use of dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane usage?
What did this mutation allow?
What vectored the large epidemic in la reunion islands?
What percentage of the population was affected?
Where were the CHIKV strain found?
What is the finding on E1-A226 in the Indian ocean?
What has the E1-A226 enabled?
What has become the preferred and lethal vector?
What was the finding on the green fluorescent-tagged E1-A226?
What became the main vector in the Indian ocean within 1-2 y after CHIKV was introduced?
How long has Ae. aegypti been established in North America?
What is the presence of ae albopictus in North America?
What percentage of newborns were infected by their mother?
What has been some instances of mother to fetus transmission?
What did the studies reveal regarding transmission from mothers during the perinatal period?
What is theorized regarding transmission?
What did the study report?
What is the conclusion of this report?
What is the conclusion of this report?
What is the NIAID designation of CHIKV?
What are the strengths and advantages of DNA based vaccines?
How many facilities were monitored in this study?
What percentage of facilities believed they were adequately equipped to handle Ebola virus disease?
How many facilities believed they were adequately equipped to handle Ebola virus disease?
How many healthcare workers would be willing to continue working during the ebola virus outbreak?
What does the study suggest would make healthcare workers more willing to care for patients during an ebola virus outbreak?
What causes avian infectious bronchitis?
What differentiated the two chicken lines used in this study?
Which organ was used for the RNA sequencing samples?
What is needed to elucidate zoonotic emergence?
What is the conclusion of this report?
Why have bats received attention in recent years?
What difference do bats demonstrate compared to most non-chiropteran mammals?
What suite of species-specific mechanisms do bats have to limit viral load?
How are mammalian cells typically rendered antiviral?
In non-flying mammals, what would be elicited by IFN expression upon viral infection?
What do the bats do instead?
Why may the bats have this unique adaptation?
Why was the field of virus dynamics developed?
How are bats connected to fatal viral diseases?
What is an example of anti-viral defense in bats?
What would be caused by this hyper-vigilance in most other mammals?
How are bats different?
What bat species cells were compared?
What was the conclusion of the study?
What would be the benefit of learning more about bats' defenses and how they drive virus evolution?
Which cells are IFN-defective and therefore limited in antiviral capacity?
What cells demonstrate idiosyncratic interferon response?
Which cells express constitutive IFN-a?
How were the spread of GFP-expressing virus-infected cells across tissue monolayers tracked via inverted fluorescence microscopy?
How was the spread of GFP-expressing virus-infected cells tracked?
How was the modeling carried out?
What was the finding in this study?
What supports the results?
What was additionally demonstrated?
What do the studies suggest?
What was the methodology for this study?
What was demonstrated in deriving the equation for r 0?
What is the conclusion of the modeling?
What is a conclusion of the study?
What do fits to rVSV-MARV infections on PaKiT01 cells suggest?
What do the findings indicate?
What is presented in this study?
What is a conclusion of this study?
What age group has the highest rate of severe outcomes?
How is COVID-19 spread?
How many states in the US have reported cases of COVID-19?
When did the white house launch the "15 days to slow the spread" program?
What should mildly ill patients do?
What type of virus is SARS-CoV-2?
What viruses are similar to the COVID-19 coronavirus?
What are the phases of a pandemic?
At which phase does the peak of the pandemic occur?
People with which medical conditions have a higher rate of severe illness?
What kind of test can diagnose COVID-19?
In what species did the COVID-19 virus likely originate?
What risk factors should be considered in addition to clinical symptoms?
What is the acronym SARS-CoV-2?
When was SARS-CoV-2 first identified?
Where was SARS-CoV-2 first identified?
What factor positively correlates with imported-and-reported cases counts of SARS-CoV-2 infection?
What is the doubling time of the COVID-19 pandemic?
When did the first known cases of the middle east respiratory syndrome (MERS) occur?
Where did the first known cases of the middle east respiratory syndrome (MERS) occur?
Where was the case first to be publicly reported was from?
In what animals MERS-CoV sequences have been found?
Where is MERS-CoV is enzootic in DC?
What does MERS-CoV cause?
Precisely how does the virus transmit to humans?
What appears to be a requirement for transmission?
What is a focal point of MERS?
What is MERS mostly known as?
What does the MERS LRT disease involve?
Where else MERS-CoV has also been detected?
Who suffers severe diseases from MERS?
Compared to severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) and another sometimes fatal zoonotic coronavirus disease, how does MERS affect the patients?
To what have most human cases of MERS been linked?
Among whom 20% of the virus detection are reported?
What have sero-surveys of MERS virus found?
How was the first culture of the new coronavirus announced?
Where was the email published?
When was the email published?
Whose was the first reported case?
How many viral RNA or virus-specific antibodies have been detected?
What is the death rate from MERS-CoV?
What did the discovery process over two to three years reveal?
What does the subsequent transmission of MERS-CoV to other humans require?
What would restrict access to both the virus and viral diagnostics?
How was the virus then made freely available?
What has epidemiology and research identified the MERS-CoV's cell receptor is?
How does MERS-CoV compare with SARS-CoV?
How does MERS-CoV compare with SARS-CoV?
How does MERS-CoV spread among people?
Who gets more severe disease from MERS?
What is the spread of MERS-CoV among humans, associated with?
What do the DCs suffer from MERS-CoV infection?
What happens to humans infected by the MERS-CoV virus?
What is the incubation period of MERS?
What is the duration between when illness begins in one person and subsequently spreads to another?
What is the median time to death in case of progressive illness?
What is the progression of symptoms to disease?
What did the latter WHO definition of MERS clearly state?
What percentage of cases KSA has been a source of?
What is severe MERS noted for?
What symptoms appear among the confirmed cases of MERS?
What do patients often present to a hospital with, in cases of MERS?
What can MERS disease progress to?
What percentage of all reported cases has MERS reportedly killed?
What percentage of all reported cases has MERS reportedly killed in KSA?
What was mortality in South Korea from MERS disease?
Which are the preferred method for MERS-CoV detection?
What has become a key diagnostic and taxonomic target for CoV species identification?
Why it can be concluded that MERS-CoV is a novel and distinct virus?
What indicates the likely presence of infectious viruses?
What is the sensitivity with which immunochromatographic tool could detect recombinant MERS-CoV nucleocapsid protein?
What is the specificity with which immunochromatographic tool could detect recombinant MERS-CoV nucleocapsid protein?
What is a different approach for detection?
What is usual in serology testing?
How have some sero-assays bypassed the risks of working with infectious viruses?
How have some sero-assays bypassed the risks of working with infectious viruses?
What is the detection of MERS-CoV infection using ELISA or S1 subunit protein microarray [84] is usually followed by?
What does the confirmatory process aim to ensure?
When does generally MERS infection does not trigger a detectable immune response?
When does the WHO recommend sampling from the LRT?
What do the recommended samples include?
What is recommended when URT sampling is to be conducted?
What paired sera are preferable?
When is a single sample suggested to be sufficient?
How long human urine and stool have been found to contain MERS-CoV RNA?
What do individual studies report on viral shedding?
What fraction of MERS cases shed viral RNA in their LRT specimens (tracheal aspirates and sputum)?
How long did MERS cases shed viral RNA in their LRT specimens (tracheal aspirates and sputum)?
What percentage of contacts were still shedding RNA in their URT specimens?
What samples returned the highest MERS viral load values?
What is NPA?
What is NPA?
What is BAL?
What is the proportion of deaths among those infected with MERS-CoV?
What is the proportion of deaths among those infected with MERS-CoV?
What has prevented the worldwide spread of MERS-CoV?
What must be reported to the world organization for animal health as an emerging disease?
What are juvenile DCs more often positive for?
What are older DCs are more likely to be positive for?
When does the camel calving season?
Why is there an increased risk to humans of spill-over during calving season?
Which may be an occupational group with a significantly higher incidence of seropositivity to MERS-CoV?
How long after infectious MERS-CoV added to DC, goat or cow milk and stored at 4 degrees c could be recovered?
How long after infectious MERS-CoV added to dc, goat or cow milk and stored at 22 degrees c could be recovered?
What ablated MERS-CoV infection completely?
How long MERS-CoV remained viable at high ambient temperature (30 degrees c) and low RH (30 %)?
How long can pathogenic bacteria remain viable and airborne in a coughed aerosol?
How far can pathogenic bacteria spread in a coughed aerosol?
What is considered the mechanism of human-to-human transmission of MERS-CoV?
What is the transmission of MERS-CoV is defined as?
What is the transmission of MERS-CoV is defined as?
What is the transmission of MERS-CoV is defined as?
What is the transmission of MERS-CoV is defined as?
What is the transmission of MERS-CoV is defined as?
What is the rate of general transmission, even in outbreaks?
What do the majority of human cases of MERS-CoV seem not to do?
What is the basic reproduction number (R 0)?
What is the basic reproduction number (R 0 ) for MERS-CoV?
Why has MERS had a constant presence in the Arabian peninsula?
What was the first known MERS human-to-human transmission event was one characterized by?
Where was the first known MERS human-to-human transmission event?
Approximately what percentage of MERS cases were fatal in KSA?
Approximately what percentage of MERS cases were died outside KSA?
What percentage of HCWs comprised of MERS cases in the KSA and South Korea?
How have most of the analyses of MERS-CoV genetics been performed?
What does Clade A contain?
What does Clade B comprise?
How many clades have become apparent in the genome of MERS-CoV from humans and DCs?
Which city has had has had more MERS cases than any other region of the KSA?
Which city harbours a wide range of MERS-CoV variants?
How has the vast majority of MERS-CoV transmission occurred?
How were the transmission circumstances created?
What percentage of humans have died among all humans reported to be infected?
What would aid the accurate calculation of a case fatality ratio?
How does MERS-CoV differ from SARS-CoV?
Is there any evidence that MERS-CoV is a virus of pandemic concern?
How did the first WHO case definition defines probable cases of MERS?
What is PHEIC?
How is PHEIC defined?
What platform was instrumental in the rapid sharing of COVID-19 information?
What's the recommended procedure to disinfect at CT scanner after a COVID-19 exposure?
What's the recommended method to disinfect floors for COVID-19?
What is the role of computed tomography (CT) in covid-19?
What kind of masks are recommended to protect healthcare workers from COVID-19 exposure?
What thickness of layers is recommended for CT image reconstruction in COVID-19 assessment?
What must the data gathering include?
What must be done to assist in the recognition of the disease on images and to allow accurate reporting of these findings?
What is the major role of chest CT?
What is the reason to adopt low-dose CT?
What did the EMICT responsibilities include?
How were the radiology department areas divided?
How was the contaminated area connected to the CT room and other facilities?
What does the clean area include?
What does the semicontaminated area include?
What does the buffer area include?
How was the wearing and removing of the equipment performed?
What can lower the physical and mental stress levels of staff members?
Who must be assigned to the clean area?
What responses must EMICT consider once a disease has been identified?
What is the conclusion of the report?
What was the number of cases in mainland China as of March 11th?
How many covid deaths occurred in the Chinese mainland as of March 11th?
How many people have come in contact and how many of these are in observation?
When was the novel coronavirus first reported?
When did china detect the first human case of H7N9 infection?
How many deaths were associated with MERS-CoV as of July 2014?
What illness is caused by the 2019-nCoV coronavirus?
In addition to oral swabs, which tests detected the presence of the 2019-nCoV virus?
What is the relationship between the presence of virus in blood and anal swabs and disease severity?
Which patients were classified as severe in Chinese guidelines?
What is the relationship between the presence of a virus in a blood sample and disease severity?
What test could indicate special care for 2019-nCoV patients?
What is the relationship between the presence of virus in anal swabs and disease severity in 2019-nCoV?
What could be the implication of the 2019-nCoV virus in anal swabs?
What could account for the high transmission rate of the 2019-nCoV virus?
What could account for the dissemination of the 2019-nCoV virus across the whole body?
When did the world health organization declare the Ebola epidemic in West Africa as a public health emergency of international concern?
What is PPE?
Where did the 2014 ebola epidemic in West Africa spread to?
What are the prerequisites for successful emergency preparedness for an epidemic?
What is the structure of a coronavirus?
What method is developed in this study?
What is the model simplified to?
What is the estimate of R 0?
What is the conclusion of this study?
What was the focus of the study?
What were the model assumptions?
What compartments were the bats divided into?
What compartments were the host animals divided into?
What was the SARS-CoV-2 reservoir?
What were the people divided into?
What was the mean incubation period?
What was the mean delay from symptom onset to detection/hospitalization of a case?
How long after onset, the cases detected in Thailand and Japan were hospitalized?
What was the duration from illness onset to first medical visit?
What was the assumption of transmissibility of asymptomatic infection?
As of January 17, how many people were tested for body temperature?
What is the mobile population in Wuhan?
What was the R 0 of sars?
What was the value of r0 in other researches?
What is the reported value of R 0 for MERS?
What was R 0 for the high transmissibility in South Korea?
What is important for containing the transmission?
What did this model show?
What was the objective of the study?
What are coronaviruses?
What animals can carry coronavirus?
How many COVID-19 cases were confirmed on the diamond princess cruise ship?
What was the period of peak infection of COVID-19 on the diamond princess cruise ship?
With the intervention of movement restrictions starting on 5th February 2020, what were the confirmed cases for COVID-19, were limited to?
Who was the first COVID-19 identified case patient on the diamond princess cruise ship?
When was the first passenger patient on the diamond princess cruise ship diagnosed with COVID-19?
How many COVID-19 cases were confirmed on the diamond princess cruise ship?
What is the estimated mean incubation period for COVID-19 infection on the diamond princess cruise ship?
What was the effect of the movement restriction policy on the diamond princess cruise ship started on 5th February 2020?
What would have been the number of confirmed cases on the diamond princess cruise ship, without a movement restriction starting on the 5th February 2020?
When was the cluster of pneumonia cases were first reported?
What is the number of inbound passengers from china?
What percent of inbound passengers from china was from Wuhan?
What is the mechanism of action for rupintrivir?
Has rupintrivir been shown to reduce the symptoms of a rhinoviral infection?
What is the primary etiology of acute respiratory infection?
What is RSV?
What virus is most commonly associated with acute respiratory infections?
What viruses are most frequently associated with acute respiratory infections?
What are the clinical characteristics of asthma?
What risk factor was associated with hospitalization and death during the 2009 H1N1 influence pandemic?
How many surface proteins are on the H1N1 influenza virus?
What are the 2 surface proteins on the H1N1 influenza virus?
What pharmaceutical targets the NA glycoprotein of the H1N1 influenza virus?
What genetic mutation decreases a person's susceptibility to the H1N1 influenza virus?
Why is ribavirin treatment limited?
To what the lack of exposure report could be attributed?
Why is the determination of asymptomatic or pre-symptomatic transmission, an urgent priority?
When does the infectivity of SARS-CoV peak?
How can the 2019-nCoV spread?
What is the estimate of the basic reproduction number?
What is assumed for the mean serial interval?
What would a shorter mean serial interval mean?
What should have reduced the basic reproduction number in January?
What are the delays between infection to illness and illness to laboratory confirmation?
What is the estimate of the number of infections in Wuhan on 25 January 2020?
When is viral shedding the highest?
How does the transmission of the respiratory virus happen?
How do some respiratory viruses spread?
What can also play a role?
What can play a role in the infection of the gastrointestinal tract?
What was attributed to the spread of SARS-CoV at Amoy gardens?
How were the first human infections identified?
What do mild clinical presentations of 2019-nCoV indicate?
Why is important to determine the spectrum of clinical manifestations of 2019-nCoV infections?
What, beyond the assessment of severity, is important?
For whom would the infections be more severe?
When is this especially true?
What is the current understanding of viral-induced exacerbations?
What have evoked new understandings as to the mechanisms of viral exacerbations?
What is one of the major sources of exacerbation of chronic airway inflammatory diseases?
What is the focus of this review?
What have the authors reviewed?
What is summarized?
What is highlighted by the authors?
What is consolidated in this review?
What is this disease characterized by?
Where can this disease manifest?
Why do treatment and management vary in efficacy?
What complicates this further?
What are such exacerbations due to?
What do the acute exacerbations cause?
What are acute exacerbations usually due to?
What does the immune response elicited by these agents lead to?
Among these agents which is a major driver?
What is the viral involvement in COPD exacerbation?
What is the reason for the involvement of respiratory viruses in exacerbation?
What does the involvement of respiratory viruses contribute to?
Why is it important to identify the exact mechanisms underpinning viral exacerbations in susceptible subjects?
What is the lower airway site of?
Where is the first point of contact with sources of exacerbation?
What is the focus of this review?
What is complied by the authors?
Before linking respiratory viruses, what was linked to acute exacerbations?
What did the advent of PCR technology lead to?
What are the predominant viruses linked to airway inflammatory diseases?
What other viruses are implicated in acute exacerbations but to a much lesser extent?
What other viruses have been recently reported as contributing to acute exacerbations?
What is the common feature of these viruses share?
Where do the respiratory viruses primarily infect and replicate?
What happens during the replication process?
What does inflammation lead to in healthy airways?
How may the responses be different in a chronically inflamed airway?
What will the review focus on?
How will this review serve?
Why is this approach significant?
What happens upon infection?
How does the infected airway cell respond?
What do the epithelial proteins cause?
What is the effect of these factors?
What additional effects are caused in patients with asthma and patients with CRS with nasal polyp?
What is the result of increased eosinophilia?
What are the effects for patients with COPD and patients with CRS without nasal polyp (CRSsNP)?
Which are the type 2 inflammatory cytokines expressed by the epithelial cells upon injury to the epithelial barrier?
Which cells lacking both B and T cell receptors but play a crucial role in secreting type 2 cytokines to perpetuate type 2 inflammation when activated?
What is the effect of cell death and injury to the epithelial barrier due to infection?
What happens when the 3 cytokines are expressed?
What happens in the case of COPD?
What happens during viral infection of healthy individuals?
What happens upon viral infection in the airway?
What is the effect of the inflammation of the airway?
What increases the severity of exacerbations in the airway?
Why viruses do not need to directly infect the lower airway to cause an acute exacerbation?
What is suggested by the fact that not all viral infections of the airway lead to acute exacerbations?
What is the effect of chronic airway inflammatory disease in patients?
What is the effect of chronic airway inflammatory disease?
Why should future studies be performed using metagenomics in addition to PCR analysis?
What is highlighted by the authors in this review?
Who has impaired or reduced ability of viral clearance?
What does their impairment stems from?
Where is this especially evident?
What are the other effects?
What is the effect of viral components remaining in the airway?
What do these factors do?
What is also linked with the chronic inflammation that precedes the malignancies?
What should be investigated in the future?
What further can viral persistence lead to?
What effect the use of steroids to suppress inflammation can have?
What should be the further focus of research?
Which viruses may not cause prolonged inflammation due to strong induction of antiviral clearance?
What do these infections cause?
What do the necroptotic factors such as rip3 do?
What may the destruction of the epithelial barrier cause?
What may the epithelial destruction cause?
What is recommended that patients with chronic airway inflammatory disease?
What is another mechanism that viral infections use to drive acute exacerbations?
What does infection of respiratory viruses cause?
What is an example of this?
What is also associated with viral infections and pneumonia development, which may worsen inflammation in the lower airway?
What is another area of interest?
What is usually linked with the development of chronic airway inflammatory diseases?
What follows in the event of a viral infection such as RV infection?
What does the viral infection alter?
What is the destabilization is further compounded by?
What does all this gradually lead to?
Why do these changes may result in more severe and frequent acute exacerbations?
How effective are microbiome based trial therapies?
What can viral infections cause?
Which is the primary contact/infection site of most respiratory viruses?
What does the destruction of the epithelial barrier, mucociliary function and cell death of the epithelial cells do?
What are viral infections are usually accompanied with?
What is the dysregulation of inflammation that can be further compounded?
What do the change in the local airway environment and inflammation promote?
What does the inflammatory environment dispersal of upper airway commensals into the lower airway cause?
Which are the most commonly studied viruses in chronic airway inflammatory diseases?
What do the infections such as RSV are shown to do?
What does mucus overproduction do?
What does the disruption of the ciliary movement during viral infection may cause?
What are MicroRNAs (miRNAs)?
What are MicroRNAs found to be induced by?
What was linked to the exacerbation of the airway inflammation disease?
Where might such miRNA changes have originated from?
What are both IFV and RSV infections shown to do?
What is IFV infection shown to do?
What happens in the asthmatic epithelium in IFV infection?
What do non-coding RNAs present as?
What mechanisms, other than miRNA modulation play a role?
What have recent epigenetic studies indicated?
What have these studies also shown?
What has Spalluto et al. have shown?
What infections such as RV and RSV that weakly induce antiviral responses may result in?
What can viral infection result in?
What sustains the inflammation in the airway?
What may viral infections of the respiratory epithelium by viruses such as IFV, RV, RSV and HSV do?
What can happen in response to the infection such as neutrophils?
In addition to worsening disease symptoms, what do viral-induced exacerbations do?
What may studies in natural exacerbations and in viral-challenge models using RNA-sequencing (RNA-seq) or single-cell RNA-seq on a range of time-points provide?
What analysis functions may be useful?
For what purpose, animal-based models are developed?
What can be used to unravel the immune profile of a viral infection in healthy and diseased conditions?
For what purpose controlled in vivo, human infections can be performed for mild viruses?
Why may the mechanisms of exacerbation vary considerably?
What clinical condition is caused by the Hantaan virus?
What is the structure of the Hantaan virus?
What is the animal vector reservoir for the Hantaan virus?
What diagnostic test is correlated with the severity of HFRS?
How is interferon used in practice?
What genotypes are associated with the severity of hfrs?
Which IFITM proteins have been shown to possess antiviral activity?
What is the hypothesized mechanism by which IFITMs work?
What genotype causes truncation of the IFITM3 protein?
What can cause a slowing growth in daily reported deaths?
When did Italy go into lockdown?
Approximately how many deaths have been averted in western Europe with current non-pharmaceutical interventions remaining in place until the end of march?
What are some non-pharmaceutical interventions?
Type of model used to infer the impact of non-pharmaceutical interventions?
How can a semi-mechanistic bayesian hierarchical model estimate changes to the reproductive number?
What is a key assumption of a semi-mechanistic bayesian hierarchical model used for coronavirus?
What is the time lag between when transmission changes occur and when their impact can be observed in trends in mortality?
What is the key aim of non-pharmaceutical interventions?
What happens if the reproduction number is greater than 1?
When did china introduce strict movement restrictions and other measures including case isolation and quarantine?
What was the result of china's interventions introduced in January?
What are examples of social distancing?
What was the estimated effect on china's reproduction number in march based on the intervention introduced in January?
Why is it challenging to estimate the reproduction number?
What is an alternative way to estimate the course of an epidemic?
What is the estimated attack rate in Italy?
As of the end of March, what is the proportion of Spain's population to be infected?
Which western European country is estimated to have the lowest attack rate?
What is Austria's estimated mean percentage [95% credible interval] of the total population infected as of 28th march?
What is Belgium's estimated mean percentage [95% credible interval] of total population infected as of 28th march?
What is Denmark's estimated mean percentage [95% credible interval] of the total population infected as of 28th march?
What is France's estimated mean percentage [95% credible interval] of total population infected as of 28th march?
What is Germany's estimated mean percentage [95% credible interval] of total population infected as of 28th march?
What is Italy's estimated mean percentage [95% credible interval] of total population infected as of 28th march?
What is Norway's estimated mean percentage [95% credible interval] of total population infected as of 28th march?
What is Spain's estimated mean percentage [95% credible interval] of total population infected as of 28th march?
What is Spain's estimated mean percentage [95% credible interval] of total population infected as of 28th march?
What is Switzerland's estimated mean percentage [95% credible interval] of total population infected as of 28th march?
What is the United Kingdom's estimated mean percentage [95% credible interval] of the total population infected as of 28th march?
What is the estimated averaged initial reproduction number [95% credible interval] for western Europe as of 28th march?
Why is there high uncertainty in estimating the impact of interventions against the coronavirus?
Why is it statistically impossible to determine which individual intervention had the greatest effect on reducing the coronavirus reproduction number?
What is estimated to drop immediately after an introduction of a non-pharmaceutical intervention?
One way to understand the impact of interventions?
What is a lockdown?
Why is it hard to know the true incidence of infections number?
What is an example of a case-based measure against coronavirus?
What is an example of containment phase intervention?
What does a public events ban intervention mean?
An example of social distancing?
Example of social distancing?
What is a lockdown?
What is an infection-to-onset distribution?
What is an onset-to-death distribution?
What is the population-averaged infection fatality ratio?
What is the time-varying reproduction number a function of?
What is an incubation period?
What is an incubation period?
What are the descriptive statistics for the onset-to-death for coronavirus?
What are the descriptive statistics for the incubation period for coronavirus?
What is the estimated infection-to-death distribution's mean for coronavirus?
What is a well-known approach to model the true number of infected individuals?
What is a way to measure virus transmission?
What term describes when a majority of the population has built an immunity to a virus?
What is the estimated number of people in Italy infected with coronavirus by march 28th?
In 2009 what was the reported h1n1 vaccination rate in china?
What is the highest alert level given by the world health organization to a pandemic?
What does it mean for a pandemic to have a WHO alert level of 6?
What was the estimated economic impact in the US from the 2009 SARS pandemic?
How is 2019-nCoV transmitted?
What are the ways in which the 2019-nCoV is transmitted?
Is oral swab for detecting 2019-nCoV infection, sufficient?
Is oral swab for detecting 2019-nCoV infection, sufficient?
What other tests should be considered for 2019-nCoV epidemiology?
What tests should be done before a 2019-nCoV infected patient is discharged?
What is a hantavirus?
What plays a role in innate immunity to hantavirus infection?
What evidence suggests that RIG-I and DDX60 collaborate to exert antiviral effects?
What was the major contribution of this study?
What symptoms were reported?
What did the collected data include?
When was covid surveillance implemented in the European region?
As of 21 February, how many cases were reported?
Where were the cases that were studied?
What was the median case age?
How many were male?
How many cases were there on 5th March?
When did the Chinese authorities share the sequence of a novel coronavirus?
What is the name of the disease caused by SARS-CoV-2?
What country does this study exclude?
What does the study include?
What did the ECDC and WHO regional office ask the countries?
What was the overall aim of the surveillance?
What were the surveillance objectives?
What is the adopted WHO case definition?
When was the first reported death in France?
What is the presumed incubation period?
What were the places of infection?
What places were linked to these?
How many cases were hospitalized?
Why were they hospitalized?
What was the time from onset to hospitalisation?
What was the duration of hospitalisation?
Why was this?
How many cases reported symptoms at this point?
How many cases were asymptomatic?
What were the asymptomatic cases tested as?
For how many cases were fever reported as the sole symptom?
In how many cases the symptoms at diagnosis were consistent with the case definition for acute respiratory infection?
How many cases had data on preexisting conditions?
How many cases had no pre-existing conditions?
What other data on pre-existing conditions were reported?
How many reported viral pneumonia?
What was the clinical evolution of the hospitalized cases?
What happened to three cases WHO were aged 65 years or over?
What happened to the case WHO died?
What was the duration of hospitalisation reported for 16 cases?
How were the assays confirmed?
What were the specimen types for 21 cases?
As of 5 March 2020, what are the cases in the WHO European region?
What were the two contexts for transmission?
What does the analysis show on the difference between locally acquired cases vs imported cases?
What is required for locally acquired cases?
What was common to all imported cases?
What testing and detection are needed?
What did the finding prompt ECDC to do?
Why is understanding the infection severity critical?
Why are serological tests vital?
How can hospital-based surveillance help?
How can present systems of surveillance be used?
How will this approach be used?
Why is additional research needed?
What growing disjunction has been witnessed?
What is aiming to incorporate pathways to translation at the earliest stages?
How much have the number of biomedical research publications targeting 'translational' concepts has increased?
What ways to solve the issues are outlined?
How do these exact processes ultimately restrict viral infectivity?
What does the author coin this evolutionary dilemma as?
How do many viruses resolve this?
How may this "Achilles heel" be safely targeted?
Why may MMHP-targeting therapies exhibit both robust and broadspectrum antiviral efficacy?
What will achieving this through drug repurposing do?
What is also discussed by the author?
What does the author anticipate international efforts will do?
What do pathogens do upon infection?
What is the flip side?
What does RBP do?
What is included in RBP?
What do tristetraprolin and AUF1, do?
What does RBP include?
What do members of the roquin and regnase families do?
What do the rbps include?
What is the increasingly apparent role of RNA methylation machinery?
Where do these activities take place?
What happens to these activities during infection?
In this way, what do the mRNA-destabilising RBP constitute?
What can be done with the 'brake' on the immune system?
What does the author anticipate that continued efforts will lead to?
What is another mRNA under post-transcriptional regulation by Regnase-1 and roquin?
What does furin encode?
What are furin, along with other PCSK family members implicated in?
What do Braun and Sauter review?
What did their recent work reveal?
What has the increasing abundance of affordable, sensitive, high-throughput genome sequencing technologies led to?
What was this system used for the first time?
What have decades of basic immunology research provided?
What has this focus on mammalian defences and pathologies sidelined?
What has the CRISPR/Cas antiviral immune system of prokaryotes been repurposed as?
What is another case in point?
What is the ancient lineage of NCLDVs?
What do the recent efforts indicate regarding hundreds of human and avian infectious viruses?
What is neo-virology?
What is predicted that these efforts on neo-virology will unlock?
What are the two of the four pillars of the national innovation and science agenda?
What do Australia's medical research and innovation priorities include?
What is essential for these priority outcomes?
What is the Japan AMED tasked with?
What serious question was raised?
What is a recent discovery?
Which bat virus is linked with diseases?
What assay played an important role?
What was the death toll in the 1918-1919 Spanish influenza epidemic?
How many people were infected during the 1918 Spanish influenza epidemic?
What was the case fatality rate in the 1918 Spanish influenza epidemic?
What was the death toll in the 1918-1919 Spanish influenza epidemic?
Are the modern-day influenza viruses related to the 1918 Spanish influenza virus?
Why is the Spanish influenza virus the mother of the modern influenza viruses?
When was it determined that the 1918 pandemic was caused by the h1n1 influenza virus?
Did Spanish influenza or swine flu or the H1N1 virus disappear in humans for some time?
When did the swine flu (Spanish influenza) virus reappear in humans?
What descendant lineages of the swine flu (Spanish influenza) virus were identified in 2006?
Are the modern descendant influenza viruses as dangerous as the 1918 parent swine flu (Spanish influenza) H1N1 virus?
How dangerous are the modern H1N1 (swine flu) and the H3N2 (influenza A) viruses compared to the 1918 H1N1 (swine flu Spanish influenza) viruses?
Are the descendant H1N1 strains of the 1918 H1N1 swine flu (Spanish influenza) virus, still prevalent?
Is the origin and epidemiology of the 1918 swine flu (Spanish influenza) known?
What is the geographical origin of the H1N1 swine flu?
Is the geographical origin of the 1918 H1N1 swine flu known?
What is a unique feature of the 1918 swine flu?
What season or time of the year do the new strains of influenza emerge?
Once appeared, when do influenza-like diseases occur in subsequent years?
When did the first wave of the H1N1 swine flu (Spanish influenza) occur?
What was the death rate in the first wave of the 1918 swine flu pandemic?
When were the second and the third wave of the 1918-1919 swine flu pandemic?
What was the primary difference between the first wave and the 2nd and 3rd waves of the 1918-1919 swine flu pandemic?
Why the human influenza viruses do not disappear after herd immunity is developed?
What are the circumstances that promote the spread of the influenza virus?
Do seasonal temperatures and humidity explain the appearance of the three waves of the 1918 swine flu?
Which virus samples from the 1918 swine flu pandemic have been identified?
Are viruses in the first and third waves of the 1918 swine flu pandemic the same or derived from the virus from the second wave of the swine flu?
Was the 1918 swine flu virus novel to humans are was it derived from older viruses?
Do avian flu viruses change over long periods?
What is the typical age profile of mortality in influenza diseases?
What was the age profile of mortality in the 1918 swine flu?
Which age group was most susceptible to die during the 1918 swine flu pandemic?
What was the death rate among children during the 1918 swine flu pandemic?
What theory provides a partial explanation for the age-specific profile of the death rate in the 1918 swine flu pandemic?
Is there a difference in the pathologic feature and course of disease between modern influenza pandemics and the 1918 swine flu pandemic?
Could the 1918 swine flu virus be controlled by modern-day drugs or vaccines?
Why was there such a high death rate in the 19118 swine flu pandemic?
Is the molecular basis of human adaptation of a virus understood?
What was the initial growth phase pattern?
What was the result of under-reporting?
What is R0?
What is the likely increase of the reporting rate after the 17th of January 2020?
What is the estimated value of R0?
What is the likely period of under-reporting?
Where and when was 2019-nCoV first identified?
What are some of the symptoms caused by the virus?
What was the cumulative number of reported cases by 1 January 2020?
As of 26 January 2020, what had the outbreak resulted in?
As of 26 January 2020, what countries had sporadic cases?
What was the result of the imperial college estimation?
Who release the time series data from 10th to 20th January 2020?
Who released the time series data after 21st January 2020?
How was the epidemic curve modelled?
How was the epidemic curve modeled?
What study is reported in this report?
How does the genome of 2019-nCoV compare with sars like viruses and SARS-CoV?
How different is it from sars-related viruses?
What novel features does the genome have?
What is important for understanding the origin and evolution of this novel lineage B betacoronavirus?
What are coronaviruses?
What are four generas?
What do evolutionary analyses show?
What are the examples that have emerged as human pathogens?
Where did these viruses originate before crossing the barrier to infect humans?
What CoVs were known to infect humans before December 2019?
What do HCoV-OC43 and OC43-HKU1 cause?
What is the contrast between SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV?
What was the authors' recent report?
What is analyzed in this study?
What genome sequence was available for this study?
What strains were included in this study?
How was the phylogenetic construction done?
How were the evolutionary distances computed?
How was the structural analysis of orf8 done?
What was done for the prediction of protein secondary structures?
What is the RNA of the 2019-nCoV?
What was the g+c content?
How are 2019-nCoV and SARS-CoV similar?
Where is the major distinction?
What do the S1 and S2 subunits of spike glycoprotein contain?
What are the characteristics of the S2 subunit?
What would be the benefit of the identity of the S2 unit?
How do the S1 subunits compare with that of SARS-like CoV and human SARS-CoV?
Where are the amino acid differences?
What is responsible for the interaction with the host receptor?
What will the investigation of the external subdomain reveal?
How does most bat SARS-CoV differ from 2019-nCoV and human SARS-CoV?
Which strains do not have such deletions?
What is the consequence of the lack of deletions in Yunnan strains?
Being closest to 2019-nCoV, which species do the two bat SARS-related coronavirus ZXC21 and ZC45 infect?
What would lessen the likelihood of jumping the barrier?
What do the results indicate?
What is orf8?
What orf8 length do human SARS-CoVs isolate from early-phase patients, all civet SARS-CoVs, and other bat SARS-related CoVs contain?
From where has the original SARS-CoV orf8 been acquired?
What does the orf8 derived from 2019-nCoV belong to?
What is the relation between the new 2019-nCoV and the conserved orf8?
Orf8 was shown to do what?
What high possibility does the novel orf8 have?
What is the summary of this report?
Where was COVID-19 first discovered?
Where can published genomic sequences be found for the 2019-nCoV virus?
What genes have been targeted for the diagnostic RT-PCR tests in 2019-nCoV?
How does being a smoker impact COVID-19 patient outcomes?
Are smokers more likely to contract influenza?
Why might we underestimate the spread of COVID-19?
Where was the first imported case of COVID-19 in the United States?
When was the first case of COVID-19 confirmed in the USA?
When was the second COVID-19 case reported in the US?
Where was the second reported case of COVID-19 in the United States?
When was the first local transmission of COVID-19 reported in the united states?
When did the WHO declare COVID-19 to be a public health emergency of international concern?
When did the united states declare COVID-19 a public health emergency?
What are the most common symptoms of COVID-19?
What symptoms might people experience with COVID-19?
Who is at greater risk of dying from COVID-19?
How long is the incubation time for COVID-19?
How does COVID-19 spread?
Is it possible to get infected with COVID-19 and another virus?
How many people are estimated to need humanitarian assistance in 2020?
For whom does the SARS-CoV-2 pose a great threat?
What can undermine interventions?
Who is expected to be particularly susceptible?
Why populations may be particularly susceptible?
What is the impact of disease outbreaks?
What represents a barrier to testing?
Where are difficulties are exacerbated during humanitarian crises?
What can prevent contact tracing?
What is an example of an intractable structural challenge?
What should be the priority of the national and international bodies trying to prevent the pandemic?
What resources need to be identified?
What is effective public health hygiene?
What has been demonstrated to be effective for prevention?
What has increased handwashing?
What is hand washing to protect one's health consistent with?
What is possible in many resource-limited settings?
What is the foremost authority on minimum standards for humanitarian assistance?
For what there is evidence for the efficacy of handwashing?
What are humanitarian wash standards based on?
What confers a high risk of gender-based violence?
What is the deterrent effect of gender-based violence around latrines?
What will maximize the effectiveness of interventions?
What will happen without the adaptation of existing standards?
What is essential when pandemics threaten vulnerable populations?
What is a necessary component of effective health governance?
Approximately how many people died during the 1918-1919 influenza pandemic?
What social and economic factors contributed to the large fatality rate in the 1918 influenza pandemic?
What problems were faced by medical staff during the 1918 epidemic?
What helpful drugs are available now to control the disease or to provide palliative care for influenza patients?
How has the mortality rate due to influenza declined in the USA over the past decades?
Is there an influenza vaccine?
For the 2009 influenza pandemic, what were the case fatality rates?
What factors would contribute now to the faster rates of influenza infections?
What factors would be responsible in future for the prevention of an influenza pandemic?
What was the detected fatality rate of H7N9 avian flu?
Why would the real case fatality rate for the H7N9 be lower than the detected rate?
What is the structure of the ebolavirus?
When was the west African ebolavirus outbreak?
What animals are considered to be maintenance hosts to the ebolavirus?
What do circles indicate in figure 1?
What do arrows indicate in figure 1?
